what's better google or facebook ads
well we're about to find out hey
everyone i'm neil patel and this is what
a thousand five hundred dollars gets you
in website traffic facebook ads versus
google ads
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
facebook ad spend reach
31.43 billion dollars in 2020 despite
covet 19.
now in 2021 they did even better and
they continually just keep growing
and they're poised to increase by a
whopping 20 22 percent in the next year
according to e-marketer
facebook ads and google ads are some of
the most important ad platforms in the
market today not only because they have
a huge number of people that you can
reach but
it also drives results i wouldn't be in
business or a digital marketer if i was
spending a dollar to lose a dollar i'm
in digital marketing because when i
spend a dollar i make more than a dollar
and there's a couple of reasons on why
digital marketing is so amazing it's
because your ability to segment your
audiences and reach very specific groups
of people in almost
instant time frame you also have a lot
of data to understand what's going on
what's not working where you should
invest more where you should invest less
because not everything is going to work
out the way you want
now let's say you had a thousand five
hundred dollars to spend on paid ads
how much traffic would you be able to
generate
now leave a comment below telling me how
many visitors you think you'll be able
to generate
i'll wait a little bit
leave a comment let me know
did you write it in
all right well
there are a few things that'll influence
your results
first off the industry earn if you're in
things in like going after cases let's
say like legal or mesothelioma or auto
insurance you're going to get a lot less
visitors than if you're in let's say
e-commerce
how much competitors are willing to pay
for the clicks in your industry also
affect how many visitors you're going to
get also how well crafted and targeted
your ads are also affected if your ads
suck people don't want to click on them
you're not going to get a lot of
visitors and you're going to have to pay
more for each click because it's costing
these networks money to show up your ads
now whether or not you're doing
remarketing or retargeting that's
another question because that can affect
your costs
seasonality is a huge one if you're
selling christmas trees you can bet if
you're selling christmas trees in
february each year probably not going to
get any clicks
so let's take a hypothetical business
and start from there we're going to
pretend that we're running a campaign
for a realtor in los angeles california
let's say this realtor is targeting an
area within los angeles called burbank
and they want to generate leads for
apartment rentals
on google ads this realtor is going to
be targeting three key words
apartments for rent in burbank
california burbank apartments for rent
and
burbank apartment rentals
when you check these keywords on uber
says they have a combined search volume
of 5
100 searches a month now according to
word stream in the real estate industry
the average click-through rate is 3.71
that means you get on average 189
visitors a month with the average cost
per click of 2.25
and this would cost you an average of
four hundred and twenty seven dollars
and it would take you roughly three
months to spend all your budget
by the end you have roughly 667 visitors
now with facebook ads it's hard to
predict how many clicks you would get
and in how much time but based on the
estimation costs from word stream for
real estate industry we can at least get
a sense of how many visitors you would
get and roughly at what cost per click
according to word stream per click on
facebook ads targeting real estate it
would be around a dollar and 81 cents
if you take our budget of a one thousand
five dollars and divide it by a dollar
and eighty one cents that would lead you
to roughly 828 clicks now i'm not saying
that these would be the actual numbers
that you would see in real life in a
campaign but it gives you a pretty good
idea and rough estimations based on
previous data in theory facebook ads
will give you 161 visitors more than
google but that would depend on how your
ads are performing on both platforms
now here's the thing
google will drive you less clicks but
what people don't really tell you is
we see much higher conversion rates on
google than we do on facebook remember
when someone googles apartments for rent
in burbank california they're looking
for apartment
on facebook you gotta target people in
burbank or around burbank that you think
may be looking for a apartment but they
may not be and they click on your ad and
they're more of a lookie-loo and they
may not even be interested so it doesn't
convert as well so what we've seen
overall is facebook is cheaper and you
can tend to get more clicks but they
don't convert as well overall for most
businesses we see them spending more
money on google because google converts
better
so if i were you i wouldn't just use
google or facebook i would use both as
long as it's profitable keep scaling
them both up if you need help with your
google or facebook ads check out my ad
agency np digital if you enjoy this
video like it share it to people about
it thank you very much